# freqTag

The FreqTag Toolbox, translated to Python.

This toolbox contains a suite of Python functions used to process ssVEP data in frequency tagging experiments. A companion paper for the MATLAB version of this toolbox can be found here as a preprint: https://osf.io/7syw8/

To run an example pipeline, just:

- Install Python 3.10 (or activate a Python 3.10 environment if you're using venv or conda or something)
- Download this repository as a zip file or clone it.
- Install the dependencies in requirements.txt using pip.
- Run freqtag_pipeline_example1.py, and maybe even freqtag_pipeline_example2.py while you're at it.

The pipelines will automatically download the data they need from OSF, but if you'd like to manually download the data yourself, you can find them at https://osf.io/pmge9/

To use this toolbox in your own projects, you'll have to just copy modules you want into the same directory as your project. Sorry bout that. We might be able to put this on pip eventually, but not yet.

# TODO
Future contributors, some stuff that still needs to be done:
- We need unit tests and integration tests. They make development faster, more reliable, and less tedious. (assuming you make the tests well!) A good framework for this would be pytest.
- Plotting capabilities in the example pipelines would be nice. Or, alternatively, forsake plotting and remove matplotlib as a dependency entirely. End users need to be able to inspect the results in some way. Maybe save data generated by the example pipelines?
- The sliding window module is significantly slower than the MATLAB equivalent. That's a bottleneck you could target if you want to speed up the example pipeline. It also doesn't need to output the trial index. I only included that because that's what we do in the MATLAB equivalent function.

# Troubleshooting

- If it takes forever for the example pipeline to start and you're using Windows Subsystem for Linux, it might be because you haven't launched X Windows or whatever it is you're using as an X server. Matplotlib will try to wait until it can connect to the X server... which is never.
